[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> With me today, on this
"Truth Hunter" special, is Tim,
a tactical advisor to covert
German analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet, in
this solar system, and beyond.
Tim, welcome to "Truth
Hunters" and this special.
>> Thank you, Linda.
>> Tim, one of the most popular
questions that comes to me
in our files are from people
who say, this is a big universe,
13.8 billion light years,
and there are people who talk
as if they are just walking
out to go to the store,
and they're on
another solar system.
But there is something called
the Alcubierre warp drive,
and it is serious physics.
And from people who
have talked to me,
who have military
connections, they
say we do have a Space Force.
It is secretly out in 22
solar systems right now,
and that a couple
of times, we've
even been to Andromeda with
the help of other non-humans.
What is the truth, from your
point of view, about how humans
are going with ETs,
moving point to point,
and getting from here
out several light years,
in maybe an Earth
day or two or three?
>> Right.
There are about 15 ways
that repeat itself where--
how intergalactic
species travel.
One of the easiest
ways to do that
is through a jump
gate, which is either
a natural occurring portal
or a artificially set
up portal in order to connect
two points of the universe.
The underlying physics is that
everything in the universe
is, on one scale, only
one point of existence
that is connected to any
other points in all existence.
With that being said, if you
are only one point of existence,
you can basically
shift the positioning
of where you are through
that one point field.
So this is basically how a
lot of the transportation
in the universe
is working, which
means opening up a
natural portal that
uses the one-point field in
order to connect these two.
There are several more,
like you could also
take two different
points in the universe,
and through a kind of
wormhole situation,
limit the space that is between
two points of the universe.
So if you have one
point, let's say,
here, and you have one point in
100 light years away from here,
you connect those two points
and fold the space inside of it
to a very dense degree.
And then those two points,
that are actually stretched out
very far away, are suddenly
very close together,
and you can go from
one point to another.
Basically, you still
have a distance.
If you connect through the
one-point field, then the field
itself is the same point.
So you don't have distance.
It's just the same point.
But if you fold the space
in between two points
and bring them closer
together, it will take only,
like, still, like a half
an hour or something
to get through that two points.
But it doesn't take
100 light years.
>> Right, right.
And there are always
references to space tunnels.
And the space tunnels--
are they being applied
to both the shortening,
or is it that there is
something about the structure
of the universe itself and
the way magnetic fields run
that there literally are
what we would consider
to be magnetic field tunnels
that advanced species, know how
to use to get through the
universe, the matter universe
quickly?
>> So if you have a
craft that, for example,
where a circuit is
running around it,
it creates an electrogravitical
force, which makes it easier.
It's not affected by
the gravitational force
of outside things,
so it can even
get into water or into
whatever you want.
So it makes itself--
it creates its own
gravitational field.
And then you use
electromagnetic forces,
which attract one
point to another,
and then this allows a craft to
go 40,000 kilometers per hour.
>> Well, I remember
Lou Elizondo,
who was the Defense Intelligence
Agency director of Advanced
Aerospace Threat Identification
program in the Pentagon,
he has used as an example,
since the first opening up
of the last few months,
that we have, on recordings,
a UFO or UAP going 12,000 miles
an hour and stopping on a dime,
unmoving--
>> Right.
Right.
>> --and says, there's no human
that could withstand that kind
of physics.
And there is no known
human aerospace company
that has made such a vehicle.
So when we have that
kind of demonstration,
how do you explain that in
kind of impossible physics?
>> The craft itself creates a
gravitational field around it.
It's just the way--
this planet, for example,
has a gravitational field.
And I mean, this planet is going
by 100,000 kilometers per hour
or something through space.
And it's the same
way with a craft that
has a gravitational
field, which means
the people or the subjects
inside of the craft
are not being affected
when the craft suddenly
stops because normally, by
normal means of physics, that
would mean that the forces
outside, by stopping, would
affect--
>> The internal.
>> Right, it would be
concentrated on the body that
experienced these forces and
that would certainly bring
people to-- break people.
>> Smash.
>> Yeah, it would smash.
This is basically--
I mean, if you're
thinking of some cartoons where
you have this girl falling down
from a high tower or
something, and then Superman
comes from down and catches
it, by normal means of physics,
you would suddenly change
the vector of the forces,
and that would immediately
destroy that girl that's
falling down, you know.
>> That's right.
>> But if there is a
gravitational field,
it only operates
within this field.
So it's similar, or
you could compare it
to the situation you have inside
of a plane, where the people
inside of a plane
are basically not
affected by the speed that's
going on outside, just
like a comparative situation.
>> In your one on one
with Greys, about 100,
has any one of them been
when they have said, Tim,
we're now going to take you in
a craft to a different solar
system?
>> I've not been off planet.
>> Not off planet.
But have you been in a UFO
traveling in the skies other?
>> Mm-hmm.
But the interesting
thing is-- and I
think this needs to be mentioned
because a lot of people
think that these
kinds of travels
are solely focused on
technology, which is not
the case, because
when you develop
your own psionic strength
well enough, then
you do not need
technology in order
to travel these distances.
I mean, we're talking about
very advanced psionic features.
But if you understand
that yourself,
your positioning of yourself,
is the same positioning
of yourself somewhere
else, then it's
just a willingful decision to
get suddenly and immediately
from one place to another.
>> Maybe a dozen times
in the last 40 years,
in interviewing people in
the abduction syndrome--
not a lot, but a few--
they will say, I was on
the terrace in Manhattan.
I was out looking at the moon.
It was midnight or 1 o'clock.
>> Right.
>> Suddenly, I don't know
what happened, Linda,
but I'm moving.
I'm moving fast.
And it seems like I'm in some
sort of a translucent bubble.
And I can see stars,
and I'm moving,
but it's just me and my
t-shirt and my jeans.
What is it that is surrounding
me and moving me through space?
>> Interesting that
you brought that up.
There are two ways
to travel as a--
under the power of
psionic abilities.
>> And psionic, for the
general lay audience,
is being able to concentrate
in your mind's eye and energy.
>> Right.
>> On-- and how would
you fill in those blanks?
What is it that a person would
most likely concentrate on
to do something with
this energy of focus?
And have you, yourself, done
an exercise with psionic energy
that you could explain
what you've done,
and people would
understand better?
>> So the easiest explanation
or example for that would be you
feel that your uncle,
whatever, is going to call you,
and then suddenly,
your telephone rings.
>> And we say that's intuition.
>> But there is a logic, a
psychological correlation
between the occurence of the
telephone ringing and yourself
being aware that
it's going to happen.
>> Like the mind, the psionic,
is picking up what is about
to happen.
>> Right.
>> And it's having an impact
on something physically
in the brain.
>> Dogs have that very strongly.
So if you have a dog, for
example, and you stay...
something at the...
whatever-- your office
or something-- and you--
the moment, the very moment you
return to your home, cameras
show that the dogs suddenly
stand up and go to the door.
>> Yeah, they know.
>> They know because
they're-- and they rely--
their species, the way that--
the relationship between dogs
and humans work is that
they rely on their psionics
in order to understand
the human better.
>> And this goes to Stuart
Hameroff and Roger Penrose
having a hypothesis
because in 2014,
it was found that there
were microscopic--
microtubules are what they're
called-- in the human brain.
And they think they are
there to do vibration
with the universal fabric.
And that is the first
time that they--
I would say that there's been
in a peer reviewed journal,
a discussion that
there could literally
be a part of the
human brain made
to interact in a
vibratory frequency
way with the universe.
>> Inside of your eyes as well.
I mean, you are from a
biological scientific
background, right?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, so you know there
are cones inside of the eye.
>> Yes
>> A cone is something that
accelerates a wavelength.
>> Yeah.
>> So basically, human eyes
are made in order to bring
the frequencies into
an accelerated speed.
So if someone trains that and
uses those cones correctly,
it can be also used in order
to transmit wavelengths
into your surrounding.
And everything is
wavelengths, and then--
>> And then you get
reflections back.
>> You get 100%
>> Yeah.
>> And the more people
do that collectively--
and this is why I stress so much
on this Earth shift happening
now-- and there are
shifts happening now--
the more those fields
connect together and do that,
the more parts of the whole
puzzle of this universe are
performing something together,
and the stronger the psionics
are.
If enough people are gathering
together and focusing
their mind pulse to
something, the more parts
of the whole universe
come together,
and you could even remove
something really incredible
like a mountain or
something, if you have
enough people focusing on that.
>> And it is also the same
reason why I think some
scientists would even say
today, prayer, the intent--
>> Right.
>> --on treatment or survival
can make a difference.
Prayers can make a difference.
>> It makes a difference, 100%.
Two things-- the more you train
and the more you become aware
of the results, these are the
determining factors to anything
you learn.
The more you practice it and the
more positive results you have,
the better you get at
piano playing or psionics.
>> And you're stressing psionics
because you're basically
saying, this is the area where
the non-humans communicate.
This is the area that, if humans
were updating their own ability
to concentrate and
have impact, that we
would be able to telepathically
communicate with ETs.
>> Yes, but Linda, not only--
I mean, how easy is it to
just communicate and use
your psionics to solve
certain problems?
If a small sample group
of a few thousand people
can drop the crime
rate of a city by 50%,
then 100,000 people or 1
million people on Gaia,
can affect a field
very efficiently.
And that doesn't mean that you--
so a level 3 consciousness,
a civilization that is heavily
in level 3 consciousness,
would do all sorts of
things to solve something.
Like jails, like reintegration
systems, like you name it--
I don't know-- education or
whatever, just to prevent
certain scenarios to happen.
But if you're thinking about
a level four consciousness,
the only thing you
need to do is focus
as much mind power as
possible onto the field
and let it create itself.
So that makes things
so much easier.
>> So we're on a planet of 8
billion consciousnesses with
the potential of psionics,
but out of those 8 billion,
maybe there are only 30 or 40
million who literally have had
enough experiences that
they could say, yes,
I've seen a UFO.
I have seen a being.
I know that I've had telepathy.
It's such a tiny fraction.
But part of why we're talking
is that we seem to genuinely
be at a transition,
if you want to call it
an intersection, in the timeline
of Earth, where nothing is ever
going to be the same again
after a period of time.
It is as if we are in a huge
revolution at every level,
including the climate.
>> Right.
>> And out of this
huge revolution--
>> Right.
>> --the assumption
is, on the other side,
whether it is in 2
years or 10 years,
we are actively going to be on
a planet where every being knows
we are not alone
in the universe,
that some are friendly, some
are neutral, some are hostile,
but that we humans must grow
up, that we are not alone,
and that space,
space is our future.
>> This species, the human
species is a so-called
ascending psionic species,
which means they are already--
everyone is already capable
of the full potential
of psionic features.
But it's a kind of muscle.
You need to train it.
The more you train
it and the more you
exercise it, the better it gets.
And when a certain key number of
associates of a certain species
has had a full grown psionic
power, once they achieve that,
that spreads over to the whole
collective consciousness.
So we are approaching,
very quickly,
a point where everyone
on this planet
will see psionic
features in their life
at almost a daily basis.
>> And if we were introduced,
whether it was to Greys,
Tall Whites, Nordics, whatever,
and we started to have actual--
I'm going to say--
communications on a regular
basis somehow on Earth,
would, then, the non-humans
be teaching humans
how to do telepathy because
that's their natural state?
And would that,
in and of itself,
rapidly evolve humans into the
ability to pick up frequencies
and do telepathy?
>> So on a theoretical
basis, I would say yes.
Knowing the structure
of Earth systematically,
I would say that
the species itself
has a tendency to keep
things in their own hands.
So I would assume, even
if there is a possibility
that a different race
could teach us psionics,
I would assume that
those in charge
would prefer the situation
where they do that themselves.
>> Because powerbrokers
don't want to lose control
of the Earth is
what I've been told,
and that has been one of the
big reasons for the citizenry
of Earth to be kept dumb and
blind about other intelligences
that the powerbrokers have
been in communication with
for decades.
>> Yes, but it's a
lose-lose situation.
Why is that?
Because some other species
that have full potential
and develop psionic features can
use that against a planet that
is not fully
developed, which means
this raises a security leg.
If not enough people are
aware how to defend themselves
against psionic
attacks, then that
means that you either have other
species protecting your planet,
and you need to pay them,
because that's their mission,
or you're not able to
successfully control
and protect your own system.
And that is also
why the government
and certain other
interest groups
have this interest
in seeing people
use psionics on a
global scale to learn it
and to enhance it because
the more people develop
their full potential
of psionics, when
this key number is reached,
then everyone within this memory
collective, memory system
will have this ability.
>> And is it true that at least
some subsets of Greys are being
paid in some way to help
protect our planet right now,
even if we are not told?
>> Yes.
>> And are they paid in
chemicals, minerals, gold?
What are they paid in?
>> Ooh, I don't know that.
I don't know the contracts.
I would assume
that the Greys are
capable of producing
any resource
that they need themselves.
The only thing that Greys are
interested in from this planet
is, A, genetic material
and, B, experiences,
which means anything that they
cannot experience themselves,
and learn from that.
For example, human
emotions, sex, sleep--
sleeping, dreams--
these are all things
that they are interested in.
>> And what is your personal
knowledge about the craft that
people have been on?
An attorney that has
described and drawn
what he saw on a
big craft, where
there were tubes
and/or big, we'll say,
fish tank-looking things.
But inside, everything
were fetuses
of what looked like
human babies or hybrids
with the Greys growing in either
glass tubes or these tanks.
And the attorney
has the impression
that it's vital to the
continuation of the Grey
species to be able to
hybridize with humans.
>> Oh, yes.
When you're talking about
hybrids, that is true.
So some species create
bodies of a certain species
and place them somewhere.
Some have their genetic
stocks in a certain species,
so on and so forth.
What the Greys would
love to see is evolve--
like, every species evolve to
the full potential, but being
part of all these species--
so in the end, at level 7,
we can all unify ourselves.
So that is mainly the
approach to level 7
because the consciousness
level of the Greys
is only reaching level
6 consciousness and is,
right now, approaching
level 7 consciousness.
But they need every other being
in all existence in order to--
and their experiences and their
evolutionary development--
in order to reunify that
universe that we are.
>> And you are so close
in your life to the Greys,
one way or another.
Do you think that you are a
hybrid, a Homo sapien-Grey
hybrid, and that's why you
do the work that you do?
>> Everyone on this planet has
some kind of genetic profile
that contains different
genetic sources from somewhere.
>> Beyond Earth.
I think the main problem
that we all should approach
is this kind of xenophobia
that might be going on,
which means there is still
something on this planet, which
is, again, a very typical
thing to ape species,
that they are in competition
to other species.
They-- even the same species
compared to a different group,
they react pretty
rejecting to them.
Other species don't do that.
They don't form in
groups, and then they
don't reject any other species.
But this is
something which comes
from the genetics
of an ape species,
and this is played
out as racism,
for example, which means,
oh, that person is not
belonging to my tribe.
So I might reject that.
This is something especially
true for ape species,
and this is still active,
though it's subconsciously
in a lot of people.
So this is something that
an ascending ape species
needs to deal with,
to get rid of that,
and to understand that
we are all connected,
we are all the same
being, although we
are all different and
individual in ourselves.
>> And the powerbrokers--
they don't want to lose control.
And I think that has been
one of the big blocks
because if we are introduced
to Tall Whites, Greys,
the Tall Whites can
demonstrate superior, hugely
superior brainpower the
powerbrokers, right now, are
depending upon to help
get us through this very
rough decade on the Earth.
>> Right.
>> And it's-- my quick
point is it's happening.
It's happening
behind the scenes.
>> It's happening right now.
>> There's collaboration--
yes, exactly,
right now on this planet.
>> In front on the
Earth of everyone.
>> ETs with our military, with
our scientists, with doctors,
with aerospace--
and yet those that are
getting the help say, no,
the citizenry of the
planet cannot be told.
They can be told, but we cannot.
And there, fundamentally, to
me, is a wrong conclusion.
I honestly feel in
my soul and my heart
that if in World War
II, all of humanity
had been told about
extraterrestrial agreements
with the German world,
that Hitler would not
have been able to
co-opt what he did
and that the whole world would
have to have grown up really
fast.
But we would have
become stronger,
and we might not be in the
same sort of tragic situation
that we are in now and wondering
what kind of existential events
are coming.
Knowledge could have been power.
And I say that in contrast
because, right now,
we still have some time in
which the powerbrokers could
make the decision that
the whole planet deserves
to know the truth.
Let the chips fall where
they may, because it couldn't
get any worse than how this
whole decade might unfold,
if we are still
kept in the dark,
while the powerbrokers are
working with advanced ETs, who
are helping, but the planet
is not evolving with them.
>> Yeah, so I mean a lot of
non-terrestrial lifeforms would
totally sign to that.
I personally am not here
to interfere with the power
structure at all.
But I would say one
of the main concerns
to closed societies is outside
forces and outside systems.
So if you compare
that, for example,
to a situation
around the Cold War,
where you had an
Iron Curtain, even
Germany being divided
into two separate parts,
where one of those
parts is trying
to build a wall around
itself in order to keep them,
their people away
from the influences
of an outside system.
And this is a major concern.
So if you have a species
and a civilization that
works very well, that
might have an impact
on the inhabitants
of a species that
still has a problem within
their system and that society.
What I want to say--
wanted to say is that if
we deal with an open system
scenario, which we
are doing right now,
there are multiple planets
with multiple civilizations
that are way more advanced,
socially speaking,
compared to Earth, work
way better in the system,
that the risk is there,
that this might have
an impact on your own system.
But I would also say that
wherever there's a risk,
there's also potential,
a chance, which
means if you have--
and this is basically the
reason why the universe
itself is opening up for
all these other species.
It becomes denser
and denser over time
and integrates even more
experiences in itself.
It's to reduce entropy,
as you call it.
>> Entropy.
>> Right.
It's reducing
itself, its entropy,
becoming denser and denser.
So an open space-- an open
system scenario means you have
more and more best
practices around--
>> Yeah.
>> You know?
>> You get stronger
in the right way.
>> 100%.
Building a wall might
sound like security,
but it only means deprivation
of your own species.
I would say that.
That's why-- and I think the
people right now in charge
are smart enough
to understand that,
besides a lot of
other reasons why
dealing with this open
scenario situation is good,
including economic reasons
because the money that
could be made on
a singular planet
is nothing in comparison
to an open universe.
>> So when do you project
the date, the year,
that the whole Earth will be
told and know that there are
Tall Whites, and Nordics,
and Greys, and Teals,
and Reptilians, and the
whole, whole zoo out there?
>> It's happening
right now, right now.
>> But not publicly the way you
and I have described that we
would like to see it happen.
>> I would say that
we are, right now--
I mean, everyone can see
that, that we are in a phase
of restructuring and
re-understanding life as it is,
and--
>> By 2030?
By 2026?
2024?
>> Yeah, that's an interesting
question because all I am
seeing is that it's happening
right now, right here.
I would say that the
statistics already
show that the main
population of this planet
is OK with the existence
of non-terrestrial life.
There are documentaries being
shown on certain big mainstream
streaming platforms.
>> But it's not the big headline
at "The New York Times,"
"The Washington
Post," "The Guardian,"
and that's when it will be real,
when all of the media have all
the same big headlines--
"We're not alone."
"We have proof."
And that-- at least I--
it's been suggested to me
that this year, that
the Webb telescope,
it's already under discussion,
and it's which planet are they
going to aim that
they already know
has a lot of
artificial structures?
And it will be breaking
news on the TRAPPIST planet.
We have now confirmed
artificial structures.
We are not alone
in the universe.
And that is the humble way in
which it will be introduced.
>> So I won't make any
assumption about when this
topic is going to be a major
headline in the mainstream
or if it even will be a major
headline in the newspapers.
At the moment,
what's happening is
that certain target groups are
being taught and being informed
about certain realities.
We clearly have an
audience that, I mean,
know very much about
this, what's happening.
And the specific information
is going to this target group,
while the mainstream
is receiving
different, other, more
subtle information right
at the moment.
But I mean, we're all waiting
for this very first moment
where we have the first
official open contact scenario.
>> And it says, we're not
alone in this universe,
and here's why.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you, Tim, for being
with me on another special,
special "Truth Hunter."
>> Thank you for
having me, Linda.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Coming up on the
next "Truth Hunter."
>> Through compressed
frequencies,
you can have a direct
face-to-face interaction with
a consciousness life form
that is on a different plane
of reality.
>> And what do you see?
>> Good question.
We're talking about
the whole universe,
Being 6, except for one
species that remains bad.
>> Which ones are they?
What would be the one question
that you've heard Being 6 say
and agonize over?
>> Infinity.